Displays Consul version of each nodes in UI nodes section (#17754)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/17754.txt

```release-note:feature

> ui: consul version is displayed in nodes list with filtering and sorting based on versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ui: Display the Consul agent version in the nodes list, and allow filtering and sorting of nodes based on versions.
```

Author: @david-yu , updated
